remove old 6.11 warnings from Windows Agent docs (#23283)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/agent/guide/windows-agent-ddagent-user.md

**Note**: The installer doesn't add the account it creates to the `Users` groups by default. In rare cases, you may encounter permission issues. If so, manually add the created user to the `Users` group.

Additionally, the following security policies are applied to the account during installation:
* Deny access to this computer from the network
* Deny log on locally
* Deny log on through Remote Desktop Services
* Log on as a service

> The Windows Agent can also use a user-supplied account. Since the account is modified during installation to restrict its privileges, including login privileges, make sure it is not a 'real' user account but an account solely dedicated to run the Datadog Agent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Windows Agent can also use a user-supplied account. Do not use a 'real' user account. The user-supplied account should be solely dedicated to running the Datadog Agent. The account is modified during installation to restrict its privileges, including login privileges.
```

If a user account is specified on the command line, but this user account is not found on the system, the installer attempts to create it. If a password was specified, the installer uses that password, otherwise it generates a random password.

> To specify the optional USERNAME and PASSWORD on the command line pass the following properties to the `msiexec` command (The bracket `<>` characters indicate a variable that should be replaced):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To specify the optional USERNAME and PASSWORD on the command line, pass the following properties to the `msiexec` command (The bracket `<>` characters indicate a variable that should be replaced):
```

```shell
msiexec /i ddagent.msi DDAGENTUSER_NAME=<USERNAME> DDAGENTUSER_PASSWORD=<PASSWORD>
```

Requirements:

> * The `<USERNAME>` must be 20 characters or fewer, to comply with Microsoft's [Active Directory Schema (AD Schema) SAM-Account-Name attribute][1].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The username must be 20 characters or fewer to comply with Microsoft's [Active Directory Schema (AD Schema) SAM-Account-Name attribute][1].
```
